com/java8/consumer/BinaryOPeratorExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.BinaryOPeratorExample
com/java8/consumer/PredicateExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.PredicateExample
com/java8/consumer/FunctionalExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.FunctionalExample
com/java8/basics/Basics.java
 com.java8.basics.Basics
com/java8/consumer/UnaryOperatiorExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.UnaryOperatiorExample
com/java8/lambdas/LambdaExample.java
 com.java8.lambdas.LambdaExample
 com.java8.lambdas.LambdaExample$1
 com.java8.lambdas.LambdaExample$2
com/java8/consumer/FunctionExample1.java
 com.java8.consumer.FunctionExample1
com/java8/methodreference/FunctionMethodReference.java
 com.java8.methodreference.FunctionMethodReference
com/java8/consumer/ConsumerExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.ConsumerExample
com/java8/consumer/PredicateStudents.java
 com.java8.consumer.PredicateStudents
com/java8/consumer/SupplierExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.SupplierExample
com/java8/methodreference/RefractorMethodReferenceExamaple.java
 com.java8.methodreference.RefractorMethodReferenceExamaple
com/java8/consumer/BiConsumerInterfaceExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.BiConsumerInterfaceExample
com/java8/consumer/PredicateAndConsumer.java
 com.java8.consumer.PredicateAndConsumer
com/java8/consumer/FunctionStudentExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.FunctionStudentExample
com/java8/constructorReference/ConstructorReferenceExamples.java
 com.java8.constructorReference.ConstructorReferenceExamples
com/java8/data/Student.java
 com.java8.data.Student
com/java8/methodreference/ConsumerMethodReference.java
 com.java8.methodreference.ConsumerMethodReference
com/java8/consumer/BiFunctionExample.java
 com.java8.consumer.BiFunctionExample
com/java8/data/StudentDataBase.java
 com.java8.data.StudentDataBase
com/java8/LamdaLocalVariable/LocalVarRestriction.java
 com.java8.LamdaLocalVariable.LocalVarRestriction
